Spot Instances - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Spot Instances - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Documentation
Amazon EC2
User Guide
Concepts
Differences between Spot Instances and On-Demand Instances
Pricing and savings
Spot Instances
A Spot Instance is an instance that uses spare EC2 capacity that is available for less than the
On-Demand price. Because Spot Instances enable you to request unused EC2 instances at steep
discounts, you can lower your Amazon EC2 costs significantly. The hourly price for a Spot Instance is
called a Spot price. The Spot price of each instance type in each Availability Zone is set
by Amazon EC2, and is adjusted gradually based on the long-term supply of and demand for Spot Instances.
Your Spot Instance runs whenever capacity is available.
Spot Instances are a cost-effective choice if you can be flexible about when your applications run
and if your applications can be interrupted. For example, Spot Instances are well-suited for data
analysis, batch jobs, background processing, and optional tasks. For more information, see
Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
.
For a comparison of the different purchasing options for EC2 instances, see
Amazon EC2 billing and purchasing options
.
Concepts
Before you get started with Spot Instances, you should be familiar with the following
concepts:
Spot capacity pool
– A set of unused EC2 instances with the
same instance type (for example,
m5.large
) and Availability
Zone.
Spot price
– The current price of a Spot Instance per hour.
Spot Instance request
– Requests a Spot Instance. When capacity is available,
Amazon EC2 fulfills your request. A Spot Instance request is either
one-time
or
persistent
. Amazon EC2
automatically resubmits a persistent Spot Instance request after the Spot Instance associated with
the request is interrupted.
EC2 instance rebalance recommendation
– Amazon EC2
emits an instance rebalance recommendation signal to notify you that a Spot Instance is
at an elevated risk of interruption. This signal provides an opportunity to
proactively rebalance your workloads across existing or new Spot Instances without having
to wait for the two-minute Spot Instance interruption notice.
Spot Instance interruption
– Amazon EC2 terminates, stops, or hibernates your
Spot Instance when Amazon EC2 needs the capacity back. Amazon EC2 provides a Spot Instance interruption
notice, which gives the instance a two-minute warning before it is
interrupted.
Differences between Spot Instances and On-Demand Instances
The following table lists the key differences between Spot Instances and
On-Demand Instances
.
Spot Instances
On-Demand Instances
Launch time
Can only be launched immediately if the Spot Instance request is active
and capacity is available.
Can only be launched immediately if you make a manual launch
request and capacity is available.
Available capacity
If capacity is not available, the Spot Instance request continues to
automatically make the launch request until capacity becomes
available.
If capacity is not available when you make a launch request,
you get an insufficient capacity error (ICE).
Hourly price
The hourly price for Spot Instances varies based on long-term supply
and demand.
The hourly price for On-Demand Instances is static.
Rebalance recommendation
The signal that Amazon EC2 emits for a running Spot Instance when the instance
is at an elevated risk of interruption.
You determine when an On-Demand Instance is interrupted (stopped, hibernated,
or terminated).
Instance interruption
You can stop and start an Amazon EBS-backed Spot Instance. In addition,
Amazon EC2 can
interrupt
an
individual Spot Instance if capacity is no longer available.
You determine when an On-Demand Instance is interrupted (stopped,
hibernated, or terminated).
Pricing and savings
You pay the Spot price for Spot Instances, which is set by Amazon EC2 and adjusted gradually based on the
long-term supply of and demand for Spot Instances. Your Spot Instances run until you terminate them,
capacity is no longer available, or your Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group terminates them during
scale in
.
If you or Amazon EC2 interrupts a running Spot Instance, you are charged for the seconds used or the
full hour, or you receive no charge, depending on the operating system used and who
interrupted the Spot Instance. For more information, see
Billing for interrupted Spot Instances
.
Spot Instances are not covered by Savings Plans. If you have a Savings Plan, it does not provide
additional savings on top of the savings that you already get from using Spot Instances.
Furthermore, your spend on Spot Instances does not apply the commitments in your Compute Savings Plans.
View prices
To view the current (updated every five minutes) lowest Spot price per AWS Region and
instance type, see the
Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
Pricing
page.
To view the Spot price history for the past three months, use the Amazon EC2 console or
the
describe-spot-price-history
command. For more information, see
View Spot Instance pricing history
.
We independently map Availability Zones to codes for each AWS account. Therefore, you can
get different results for the same Availability Zone code (for example,
us-west-2a
) between different accounts.
View savings
You can view the savings made from using Spot Instances for a single
Spot Fleet
or for all Spot Instances.
You can view the savings made in the last hour or the last three days, and you can
view the average cost per vCPU hour and per memory (GiB) hour. Savings are estimated
and may differ from actual savings because they do not include the billing
adjustments for your usage. For more information about viewing savings information,
see
Savings from purchasing Spot Instances
.
View billing
Your bill provides details about your service usage. For more information, see
Viewing your bill
in the
AWS Billing User Guide
.
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Reserved Instance quotas
Best practices
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.