Connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Documentation
Amazon EC2
User Guide
SSH connection prerequisites
Connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client
Connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client
You can use Secure Shell (SSH) to connect to your Linux instance from your local computer.
For more information about other options, see
Connect to your EC2 instance
.
Note
If you receive an error while attempting to connect to your instance, make sure that
your instance meets all of the
SSH connection prerequisites
. If it meets all of the
prerequisites, and you're still not able to connect to your Linux instance, see
Troubleshoot issues connecting to your Amazon EC2 Linux instance
.
Contents
SSH connection prerequisites
Connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client
SSH connection prerequisites
Before you can connect to your Linux instance using SSH, complete the following tasks.
Complete the general prerequisites.
Check that your instance has passed its status checks.
It can take a few minutes for an instance to be ready to accept connection requests.
For more information, see
View status checks
.
Get the required instance details
.
Locate the private key and set permissions
.
(Optional) Get the instance fingerprint
.
Allow inbound SSH traffic from your IP address.
Ensure that the security group associated with your instance allows incoming SSH
traffic from your IP address. For more information, see
Rules to connect to instances from your computer
.
Install an SSH client on your local computer (if needed).
Your local computer might have an SSH client installed by default. You can
verify this by entering the following command in a terminal window. If your
computer doesn't recognize the command, you must install an SSH client.
ssh
The following are some of the possible options for Windows. If your computer
runs a different operating system, see the documentation for that operating system
for SSH client options.
After you install OpenSSH on Windows, you can connect to your Linux instance
from your Windows computer using SSH. Before you begin, ensure that you meet
the following requirements.
Windows version
The version of Windows on your computer must be Windows Server 2019 or later.
For earlier versions of Windows, download and install
Win32-OpenSSH
instead.
PowerShell requirements
To install OpenSSH on your Windows OS using PowerShell, you must be running PowerShell
version 5.1 or later, and your account must be a member of the built-in
Administrators group. Run
$PSVersionTable.PSVersion
from PowerShell to check your
PowerShell version.
To check whether you are a member of the built-in Administrators
group, run the following PowerShell command:
(New-Object Security.Principal.WindowsPrincipal([Security.Principal.WindowsIdentity]::GetCurrent())).IsInRole([Security.Principal.WindowsBuiltInRole]::Administrator)
If you are a member of the built-in Administrators group, the output
is
True
.
To install OpenSSH for Windows using PowerShell, run the following PowerShell command.
Add-WindowsCapability -Online -Name OpenSSH.Client~~~~0.0.1.0
The following is example output.
Path          :
Online        : True
RestartNeeded : False
To uninstall OpenSSH from Windows using PowerShell, run the following PowerShell command.
Remove-WindowsCapability -Online -Name OpenSSH.Client~~~~0.0.1.0
The following is example output.
Path          :
Online        : True
RestartNeeded : True
After you install WSL on Windows, you can connect to your Linux instance from
your Windows computer using Linux command line tools, such as an SSH client.
Follow the instructions in
Install Windows Subsystem for Linux on your EC2 Windows instance
. If you follow the instructions
in Microsoft's installation guide, they install the Ubuntu distribution of Linux.
You can install a different Linux distribution if you prefer.
In a WSL terminal window, copy the
.pem
file (for the key
pair that you specified for your instance at launch) from Windows to WSL. Note
the fully-qualified path to the
.pem
file on WSL to
use when connecting to your instance. For information about how to
specify the path to your Windows hard drive, see
How do I access my C drive?
.
cp /mnt/
<Windows drive letter>/path/my-key-pair
.pem ~/
WSL-path/my-key-pair
.pem
For information about uninstalling Windows Subsystem for Linux, see
How do I uninstall a WSL Distribution?
.
Connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client
Use the following procedure to connect to your Linux instance using an SSH client.
To connect to your instance using an SSH client
Open a terminal window on your computer.
Use the
ssh
command to connect to the instance.
You need the details about your instance that you gathered as part of the
prerequisites. For example, you need the location of the private key
(
.pem
file), the username, and the public DNS name
or IPv6 address. The following are example commands.
(Public DNS) To use the public DNS name, enter the following command.
ssh -i
/path/key-pair-name
.pem
instance-user-name
@
instance-public-dns-name
(IPv6) Alternatively, if your instance has an IPv6 address, enter
the following command to use the IPv6 address.
ssh -i
/path/key-pair-name
.pem
instance-user-name
@
2001:db8::1234:5678:1.2.3.4
The following is an example response.
The authenticity of host 'ec2-198-51-100-1.compute-1.amazonaws.com (198-51-100-1)' can't be established.
ECDSA key fingerprint is l4UB/neBad9tvkgJf1QZWxheQmR59WgrgzEimCG6kZY.
Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)?
(Optional) Verify that the fingerprint in the security alert matches the
fingerprint. If these fingerprints don't match, someone might be attempting
a man-in-the-middle attack. If they match, continue to the next step. For more
information, see
Get the instance
fingerprint
.
Enter
yes
.
You see a response like the following:
Warning: Permanently added 'ec2-198-51-100-1.compute-1.amazonaws.com' (ECDSA) to the list of known hosts.
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Connect to your Linux instance using SSH
Connect using PuTTY
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.