Networking in Amazon EC2 - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Networking in Amazon EC2 - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Documentation
Amazon EC2
User Guide
Networking in Amazon EC2
Amazon VPC enables you to launch AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, into a virtual network
dedicated to your AWS account, known as a virtual private cloud (VPC). When you launch an instance,
you can select a subnet from the VPC. The instance is configured with a primary network interface,
which is a logical virtual network card. The instance receives a primary private IP address from
the IPv4 address of the subnet, and it is assigned to the primary network interface.
You can control whether the instance receives a public IP address from Amazon's pool of public
IP addresses. The public IP address of an instance is associated with your instance only until it
is stopped or terminated. If you require a persistent public IP address, you can allocate an
Elastic IP address for your AWS account and associate it with an instance or a network interface.
An Elastic IP address remains associated with your AWS account until you release it, and you can
move it from one instance to another as needed. You can bring your own IP address range to your
AWS account, where it appears as an address pool, and then allocate Elastic IP addresses from your
address pool.
To increase network performance and reduce latency, you can launch instances in a placement
group. You can get significantly higher packet per second (PPS) performance using enhanced
networking. You can accelerate high performance computing and machine learning applications
using an Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA), which is a network device that you can attach to a
supported instance type.
Features
Regions and Zones
Instance IP addressing
EC2 instance hostnames and domains
Bring your own IP addresses
Elastic IP addresses
Network interfaces
Network bandwidth
Enhanced networking
Elastic Fabric Adapter
Instance topology
Placement groups
Network MTU
Virtual private clouds
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Fleet quotas
Regions and Zones
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.