Learn AWS online with AWS Skill Builder | Digital Training | AWS
Skip to main content
English
Contact us
Support
My account
Filter: All
Sign in to console
Create account
Training and Certification
Get Trained
Get Certified
Develop Your Team
AWS Partner Training
AWS Cloud Institute
More
Training
›
AWS Skill Builder
Digital Training
AWS Skill Builder
Build in-demand cloud and AI skills—your way—with our online learning center. Whether you're new to the cloud, an experienced builder, or an organization looking to innovate at scale, Skill Builder can help you stay current and reach your goals.
Level up your AWS skills
Free learning content
Advance your professional goals with full access to 600+ free digital courses and learning plans, and limited access to exam prep resources and game-based learning.
Start learning for free
Individual monthly subscription for $29 / month
Access full suite of exam prep resources, game-based learning, labs, challenges, and more.
Subscribe to monthly
Individual annual subscription for $449 / year
Unlock more value — everything monthly, plus expert instruction through AWS Digital Classroom.
Subscribe to annual
Team subscription for teams of 5 or more
Build cloud skills at scale and maximize your cloud investment.
Learn more
Compare all plans
Discover the features available in each AWS Skill Builder plan.
Compare
AWS Skill Builder features
AWS Exam Prep
AWS Builder Labs
AWS Digital Classroom
Game-based learning
AWS Jam
Get Certified
Gain confidence going into exam day with AWS Certification Official Exam Prep developed by the experts at AWS. Go from start to AWS Certified with question sets, pretests, exam prep courses, and practice exams that demonstrate the style and depth of certification exams.
Explore Exam Prep
Learn hands-on in the AWS Console
Unlock hundreds of self-paced labs to develop and apply practical skills. Receive guided instructions for common cloud scenarios in a live AWS environment, and practice building without risk of unanticipated expenses. Available with the AI-powered, trainer-inspired AWS Learning Assistant to help you answer queries, explain code, and discuss product implications—all within your lab's context.
Explore AWS Builder Labs
Dive deep with instruction
Accelerate your deep understanding of focused topic areas with immediate access to expert AWS instructor-led videos, hands-on labs, knowledge checks, and course assessments that you can revisit at any time.*
*
AWS Digital Classroom is available as part of annual subscriptions only
.
Explore AWS Digital Classroom
Develop AWS skills with interactive and hands-on learning environments
Translate business problems into technical solutions by enrolling in an
AWS SimuLearn
training that pairs gen AI-powered simulations with hands-on building.
Build role and industry expertise while having fun with
AWS Cloud Quest
and
Industry Quest
.
Explore the building blocks of AWS Cloud architecture through virtual card games,
AWS Card Clash
.
Strengthen your team's AWS knowledge and foster collaboration by hosting and participating in trivia sessions through
AWS Skill Builder Trivia
.
Transform exam prep from ordinary to extraordinary with
AWS Escape Room
– the immersive, gamified experience that will test your knowledge and give you hands-on experience to help you prepare for the AWS Certified exams.
Build problem solving skills
Verify your building skills with a Jam Journey challenge. You'll solve real-world, open-ended problems in an AWS Console environment, with only clues to guide you.
Explore AWS Jam
Explore featured digital training
Develop your AI career with the latest AWS generative AI training available on AWS Skill Builder
Get started
New to the AWS Cloud? Start your cloud journey with content built by AWS experts.
Start your journey
Grow your cloud career with 200+ gen AI-powered simulations paired with hands-on labs
Discover AWS SimuLearn
Inspired learners
Learn about Chris Gonzales' inspiring journey transitioning from being a band director to becoming a Cloud Architect using AWS Skill Builder to develop his skills on AWS.
Play
Build cloud skills at scale
Empower your workforce with AWS Skill Builder for teams. Build practical skills critical to your business with experiential training and digital classroom courses—keeping pace with cloud and generative AI technology.
Start your Team subscription
Play
More ways to connect and learn with us
Live training
AWS Training Live on Twitch
Join our experts for live shows to ask questions, chat with the community, and get weekly resources straight to your inbox.
Sign up
Join our community
AWS Training and Certification Community
Connect, learn, and share with other AWS enthusiasts.
Join now
AWS Cloud Institute
No tech background? No problem.
AWS Cloud Institute is our virtual cloud-skills training program that will help you launch your career as a cloud developer in as little as one year - regardless of your technical background.
Explore AWS Cloud Institute
AWS Educate
Pre-professional training
An ideal starting point for learners as young as 13, begin building cloud skills at your own pace, on your own time, and completely for free.
Explore AWS Educate
AWS Partners
Training for AWS Partners
Help your teams build practical skills and cloud expertise with a variety of interactive learning experiences purposefully designed for AWS Partners.
Explore AWS Partner Training
Get started
Pricing
Individual subscriptions are priced at $29 USD/monthly, and $449 USD/annual
Subscribe now
Pricing
Team subscriptions are priced at $449 USD/seat/year
Start your Team subscription
FAQs
Still have questions about AWS Skill Builder?
View AWS Training FAQ
Learn how to make the most out of AWS Skill Builder to learn AWS services
View Cloud Coach sessions
Did you find what you were looking for today?
Let us know so we can improve the quality of the content on our pages
Yes
No
Create an AWS account
Learn
What Is AWS?
What Is Cloud Computing?
What Is Agentic AI?
Cloud Computing Concepts Hub
AWS Cloud Security
What's New
Blogs
Press Releases
Resources
Getting Started
Training
AWS Trust Center
AWS Solutions Library
Architecture Center
Product and Technical FAQs
Analyst Reports
AWS Partners
Developers
Builder Center
SDKs & Tools
.NET on AWS
Python on AWS
Java on AWS
PHP on AWS
JavaScript on AWS
Help
Contact Us
File a Support Ticket
AWS re:Post
Knowledge Center
AWS Support Overview
Get Expert Help
AWS Accessibility
Legal
English
Back to top
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
x
facebook
linkedin
instagram
twitch
youtube
podcasts
email
Privacy
Site terms
Cookie Preferences
© 2025, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.