Instance store temporary block storage for EC2 instances - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Instance store temporary block storage for EC2 instances - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Documentation
Amazon EC2
User Guide
Instance store temporary block storage for EC2 instances
An
instance store
provides temporary block-level storage for your EC2
instance. This storage is provided by disks that are physically attached to the host computer.
Instance store is ideal for temporary storage of information that changes frequently, such
as buffers, caches, scratch data, and other temporary content. It can also be used to store
temporary data that you replicate across a fleet of instances, such as a load-balanced pool
of web servers.
An instance store consists of one or more instance store volumes exposed as block devices.
The size of an instance store as well as the number of devices available varies by instance
type and instance size. For example, not every instance type provides instance store volumes.
For more information, see
Instance store volume limits for EC2 instances
.
The virtual devices for instance store volumes are given virtual device names in order
from
ephemeral0
to
ephemeral23
. For example, with
an instance type that supports one instance store volume, the virtual device name of the one
volume is
ephemeral0
. With an instance type that supports four instance
store volumes, the virtual device names of the four volumes are as follows:
ephemeral0
,
ephemeral1
,
ephemeral2
and
ephemeral3
.
Instance store pricing
There is no additional charge to use the instance store volumes provided for your
instance. Instance store volumes are included as part of the usage cost of the instance.
Contents
Data persistence for Amazon EC2 instance store volumes
Instance store volume limits for EC2 instances
SSD instance store volumes for EC2 instances
Add instance store volumes to an EC2 instance
Enable instance store swap volume for M1 and C1 EC2 instances
Initialize instance store volumes on EC2 instances
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
EBS volume limits
Data persistence
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.