What is Amazon Elastic Block Store? - Amazon EBS
What is Amazon Elastic Block Store? - Amazon EBS
Documentation
Amazon EBS
User Guide
Features of Amazon EBS
Related services
Accessing Amazon EBS
Pricing
What is Amazon Elastic Block Store?
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) provides scalable, high-performance block storage
resources that can be used with Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. With Amazon Elastic Block Store,
you can create and manage the following block storage resources:
Amazon EBS volumes
— These are storage
volumes that you attach to Amazon EC2 instances. After you attach a volume to an
instance, you can use it in the same way you would use a local hard drive attached
to a computer, for example to store files or to install applications.
Amazon EBS snapshots
— These are
point-in-time backups of Amazon EBS volumes that persist independently from the
volume itself. You can create snapshots to back up the data on your Amazon EBS
volumes. You can then restore new volumes from those snapshots at any time.
Topics
Features of Amazon EBS
Related services
Accessing Amazon EBS
Pricing
Features of Amazon EBS
Amazon EBS provides the following features and benefits:
Multiple volume types
— Amazon EBS provides
multiple volume types that allow you to optimize storage performance and cost for
a broad range of applications. Volume types are divided into two major categories:
SSD-backed storage for transactional workloads, and HDD-backed storage for throughput
intensive workloads.
Scalability
— You can create Amazon EBS
volumes with capacity and performance specifications that meet your needs. As your
needs changes, you can use Elastic Volumes operations to dynamically increase capacity
or tune performance, with no downtime.
Backup and recovery
— Use Amazon EBS
snapshots to back up the data stored on your volumes. You can then use those
snapshots to instantly restore volumes or to migrate data across AWS accounts,
AWS Regions, or Availability Zones.
Data protection
— Use Amazon EBS encryption to
encrypt your Amazon EBS volumes and Amazon EBS snapshots. Encryption operations occur on the
servers that host Amazon EC2 instances, ensuring the security of both data-at-rest and
data-in-transit between an instance and its attached volume and subsequent
snapshots.
Data availability and durability
—
io2 Block Express volumes provide 99.999% durability with an annual failure rate of
0.001%. Other volume types provide 99.8% to 99.9% durability with an annual failure
rate of 0.1% to 0.2%. Additionally, volume data is automatically replicated across
multiple servers in an Availability Zone to prevent the loss of data from the
failure of any single component.
Data archiving
— EBS Snapshots Archive
provides a low-cost storage tier to archive full, point-in-time copies of EBS
Snapshots that you must retain for 90 days or more for regulatory and compliance
reasons, or for future project releases.
Related services
Amazon EBS works with the following services:
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
— A service that lets you
launch and manage virtual machines (Amazon EC2 instances) in the AWS Cloud. You can
attach EBS volumes to those instances and use them in the same way you would use
a local hard drive, for example to store files or to install applications. For more
information, see
What is Amazon EC2?
AWS Key Management Service
— A managed service that
enables you to create and manage cryptographic keys. You can use AWS KMS cryptographic
keys to encrypt the data stored on your Amazon EBS volumes and in your Amazon EBS snapshots.
For more information, see
How Amazon EBS uses AWS KMS
.
Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager
— A managed service that
automates the creation, retention, and deletion of EBS snapshots and EBS-backed
AMIs. You can use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager to automate backups for your Amazon EBS volumes and Amazon EC2
instances. For more information, see
Automate backups with Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager
.
EBS direct APIs
— A service that enables you
to create EBS snapshots, write data directly to your snapshots, read data from your
snapshots, and identify the differences or changes between two snapshots. For more
information, see
Use EBS direct APIs to access the contents of an EBS snapshot
.
Recycle Bin
— A data recovery service
that enables you to restore accidentally deleted EBS snapshots and EBS-backed AMIs.
For more information, see
Recycle Bin
.
Accessing Amazon EBS
You can create and manage your Amazon EBS resources using the following interfaces:
Amazon EC2 console
A web interface to create and manage volumes and snapshots. If you've signed
up for an AWS account, you can access the Amazon EC2 console at
https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/
.
AWS Command Line Interface
A command line tool that lets you manage Amazon EBS resources using commands in your
command-line shell. It is supported on Windows, Mac, and Linux. For more information,
see the
AWS Command Line Interface User Guide
and the
ec2 commands
.
AWS Tools for PowerShell
A set of PowerShell modules that enable you to script operations on your Amazon EBS
resources from the PowerShell command line. For more information, see the
AWS Tools for PowerShell User Guide
and
AWS Tools for PowerShell Cmdlet Reference
.
AWS CloudFormation
A fully managed AWS service that lets you create reusable JSON or YAML
templates that describe your AWS resources, and then provisions and configures
those resources for you. For more information, see the
AWS CloudFormation User Guide
.
Amazon EC2 Query API
The Amazon EC2 Query API provides HTTP or HTTPS requests that use the HTTP verb
GET
or
POST
and a query parameter named
Action
.
For more information see the
Amazon EC2 API Reference
.
AWS SDKs
Language-specific APIs that enable you to build applications that are integrated
with AWS services. AWS SDKs are available for many popular programming languages.
For more information, see
Tools to
Build on AWS
.
Pricing
With Amazon EBS, you pay only for what you provision. For more information, see
Amazon EBS pricing
.
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Set up for Amazon EBS
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.