Amazon EC2 key pairs and Amazon EC2 instances - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Amazon EC2 key pairs and Amazon EC2 instances - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
Documentation
Amazon EC2
User Guide
Amazon EC2 key pairs and Amazon EC2 instances
A key pair, consisting of a public key and a private key, is a set of security credentials
that you use to prove your identity when connecting to an Amazon EC2 instance. For Linux instances,
the private key allows you to securely SSH into your instance. For Windows instances, the
private key is required to decrypt the administrator password, which you then use to connect to
your instance.
Amazon EC2 stores the public key on your instance, and you store the private key, as shown in the
following diagram. It's important that you store your private key in a secure place because
anyone who possesses your private key can connect to your instances that use the key
pair.
When you launch an instance, you can
specify a key pair
,
so that you can connect to your instance using a method that requires a key pair. Depending on
how you manage your security, you can specify the same key pair for all your instances or you
can specify different key pairs.
For Linux instances, when your instance boots for the first time, the public key that you
specified at launch is placed on your Linux instance in an entry within
~/.ssh/authorized_keys
. When you connect to your Linux instance using
SSH, to log in you must specify the private key that corresponds to the public key.
For more information about connecting to your EC2 instance, see
Connect to your EC2 instance
.
Important
Because Amazon EC2 doesn't keep a copy of your private key, there is no way to recover a
private key if you lose it. However, there can still be a way to connect to instances for
which you've lost the private key. For more information, see
I've lost my private key. How can I connect to my instance?
As an alternative to key pairs, you can use
AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
to connect to
your instance with an interactive one-click browser-based shell or the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI).
Contents
Create a key pair for your Amazon EC2 instance
Describe your key pairs
Delete your key pair
Add or replace a public key on your Linux
instance
Verify the fingerprint of your key pair
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Best practices for Windows instances
Create a key pair
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.